Here are some requirements for peace and prosperity in the world so that no one has to work but everything is automated by volunteers who work on open source and creative commons license to programs and hardware that sustain life, and health of citizens:

* **Abundant, clean energy:** Automation requires a lot of energy, so we need to make sure that we have enough clean energy to power it all. This means investing in renewable energy sources like solar and wind power, and developing more efficient ways to use energy.
* **Advanced automation technology:** We need to develop advanced automation technology that can do a wide range of tasks, from manufacturing to healthcare. This technology needs to be reliable and affordable, so that it can be used by volunteers to automate all the work that is currently done by paid employees.
* **A culture of sharing:** In order for automation to work, we need to have a culture of sharing. This means that people are willing to share their skills and knowledge, and that they are willing to work together to create and maintain automated systems.
* **A strong social safety net:** Even if automation can do most of the work, there will still be some jobs that need to be done by humans. We need to make sure that everyone has a way to meet their basic needs, even if they are not working. This means providing a strong social safety net, such as universal basic income.

If we can achieve these requirements, then it is possible to create a world where everyone has enough to eat, a place to live, and access to healthcare. In this world, no one would have to work, but everyone would be free to pursue their passions and interests.

Of course, there are many challenges that we would need to overcome in order to achieve this vision. But if we can work together and find solutions to these challenges, then we can create a world that is truly peaceful and prosperous.